ADR-002: Universal Share Encoding (#660)
celestiaorg/celestia-app: docs/architecture/adr-007-universal-share-prefix.md

# ADR 007: Universal Share Prefix

## Terminology

> - **compact share**: a type of share that can accomodate multiple units. Currently, compact shares are used for transactions, ISRs, and evidence to efficiently pack this information into as few shares as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **compact share**: a type of share that can accommodate multiple units. Currently, compact shares are used for transactions, and evidence to efficiently pack this information into as few shares as possible.
```
Typo and I think we got rid of ISRs?

Author: The current implementation doesn't contain intermediate state roots. 

https://github.com/rootulp/celestia-app/blob/375093397458a32316a41666264fd2e9d6111219/pkg/appconsts/appconsts.go#L85-L88

Do we expect to include intermediate state roots in the future?

> - **sparse share**: a type of share that can accomodate zero or one unit. Currently, sparse shares are used for messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **sparse share**: a type of share that can accommodate zero or one unit. Currently, sparse shares are used for messages.
```
